---
layout: post
title: Linear and Circular Timelines
---

Do you ever feel stuck in a loop? I am afraid that I am in an eternal cycle of change which ultimately circles back on itself.

I may find growth, I may conquer internal battles, I may seemingly evolve... but only to eventually return to my natural state. As in, maybe I was a certain way to begin with and all this work will eventually prove I already was my true self from the beginning. I moved away from it in an effort to grow and yet, I was pure as-is.

Which scares me, because I look back and see someone who is harmful to others. Someone who lacks self-awareness, is self-absorbed, is completely wrapped up in every passionate emotion. Someone who is drowning in a sea of external expectations they cannot fulfill.

But oh, the energy and fuel and motivation I had then. I was driven. I made time where there was none, I didn’t just dream – I showed up and put in the work without question. Now, I am tired. Everything is a matter of managing energy. I have lost sync with myself. These mindfulness practices make it ever more clear.

There are parts of myself that have died that I want back. That drive. The belief in destiny. The energy that comes from the rippling power that comes with meaningful motivation. When I think of those, I hope I am on a circular journey, back to who I was back then.

I’m also afraid that life is more linear than not.

I am afraid there is no going back. That there are certain parts of me that are gone forever. Certain naiveties which emboldened me to move forward without self-doubt.

The mojo I carry with me now is but a shadow of who I used to be. Can it be rebuilt in an upward climb? Will I loop back into it? Or is it gone forever?

– The Mindful Queer
