---
layout: post
title: Running, Running, Running
---

Are you running away from something? 

Today I went on the first run in what felt like forever. I tried doing runs before, mostly HIIT sprints. I hated it with every fiber of my being.

Based on these past experiences, I was reluctant to do it. But it’d been an itch in my brain I should reconnect with my body better. Running is one of the purest forms of reconnecting to your body while exercises, if you’re fortunate to be in the position to do so. Basic conditioning, or something like that, thanks to its not _needing_ any fancy equipment.

Just you, and space to run.

I set Spotify’s Running mood to The Chase. Whenever I watch spy flicks and action films I feel most motivated to get out and hit the pavement. Boy, was that the right mood to choose! I found myself pushing through when I least expected myself to. 

I’d never hit my stride as a runner, that place where you feel like you could just keep going. I don’t think I reached the runner’s high today by any means, but by focusing on a slow consistent pace (something I’d never done with HIIT training) I managed to find a groove. It was strange.

Thanks to the wordless yet motivating music, I had the opportunity to just be me and my imagination. Not something that happens so often these days. The only thing to focus on is putting one foot in front of the other. It reminded me of how therapeutic my bicycle tour was that way. There was only one task: just keep pedaling. Keep moving. 

It was a relief to be alone, just distracted enough by the effort of running not to get bogged down with the weight of the day. It allowed my more imaginative side to explore. Imagine myself running to save the day. One day becoming the person I see myself as in my head. Or at least, someone who doesn’t make me cringe in full body photographs.

I’d like to make running a more regular thing. I think it will play well into my mindfulness practices.

– The Mindful Queer
