---
layout: post
title: Ever Present Threat of Tears
---

I had a six year relationship which officially dissolved in early 2013, and the whole thing added up to being a traumatic experience for me. My entire existence went numb for a while. It wasn’t until mid-2016 that I finally cried. Short of perhaps a few blackout drunk nights, I couldn’t cry for three years following the breakup. 

Even since the uncontrollable crying incident in 2016 (waking up from a trauma dream with sleep paralysis followed by a long outburst), my tears have been slow to come, and even then only when I was feeling truly distraught.

That’s been changing lately.

I don’t know what it is, but the tiniest of positive things come with the very real threat of tears.

My current girlfriend and I will be watching some show, say an athletic obstacle course competition show. A competitor will do a _really_ amazing job and you can see how much they are feeling it and beaming with pure excitement at their success. (Not the arrogant kind of pride, but that really sincere pride that comes from exceeding your own expectations.)

Instantly I have to be fighting back this crazy sensation of tears. This happens to me a _lot_, both for fictitious and real characters, and even just when my girlfriend and I are having a simple happy conversation.

I’m not sure what’s going on. Maybe I’m hysterical from being tired because jet lag has taken so long to adjust to and my sleep is all off. But maybe this mindfulness stuff is bringing me closer to my emotions on a new level.

I sure hope that it levels out to a point where I can learn to acknowledge and dismiss excessive feelings for the events that don’t warrant that kind of overreaction!

The good news is, I was frozen over for years. I must be finally thawing out. I genuinely believed I was no longer capable of feeling deep emotions, and I had simply accepted it that way. Now, I am finding out that it is possible to slowly regain feeling again. It will be interesting to see how this progression continues.

– The Mindful Queer
